# Zero-Shot Modeller
Zero-Shot Modeler (ZSM), a is two-phased approach that efficiently examines the mutant space using machine learning (ML) guidance without requiring high-throughput methods. ZSM combines the specific information of small datasets with the general knowledge of pretrained zero-shot predictors to discover enhanced protein variants, thereby removing the need large datasets common for traditional ML techniques.

In the Exploration Phase, the experimental values of a low-N dataset are correlated with the predicted zero-shot scores, identifying the model most suitable for predicting better mutants. In the Exploitation Phase, the best model is used to predict and rank a large in silico library, consistently outperforming the predictions done by the worst models across three different enzyme benchmark datasets. Interestingly, while ZSM was developed mainly for enzyme engineering, the approach also exhibits improved results for a diverse selection of non-enzymatic protein properties.

ZSM provides the nescessary tools to easily implement all elements of the workflow. In the *Exploration Phase*, the protein information of an experimental low-N dataset is parsed through a diverse collection of zero-shot models based on the [ProteinGym](https://github.com/OATML-Markslab/ProteinGym) code. The resulting predicted scores are correlated with the original experimental values, identifying the model most suitable for predicting better mutants. In the *Exploitation Phase*, ZSM can be used to create, predict, and rank a large _in silico_ mutant dataset using the models identified as most suitable in the previous phase. Importantly, visualization tools are also provided, such as the plotting of individual correlations, comparisons of model performances, or the construction of single-mutant landscapes. For more information on all tools available in ZSM, please see the example notebook.

Importantly, the best models identified by ZSM consistently outperforms the worst models across three different enzyme benchmark datasets. Furthermore, while ZSM was developed for enzyme engineering, the approach also exhibits improved results for a diverse selection of non-enzymatic protein properties.

